Interview 02
Determine if a string is full of unique characters

Specifications
Read all of the following instructions carefully.
Act as an interviewer, giving a candidate a code challenge
Score the candidate according to the Whiteboard Rubric
You are free to offer suggestions or guidance (and see how they respond), but don’t solve it for the candidate
Feature Tasks
Ask the candidate to write a function that will determine if the given string is full of unique characters.
We can assume that spaces don’t count, and the charactes are not case sensitive (i.e. “A” is the same as “a”).
The most efficient solution is going to use a Hashmap. The candidate should iterate through the string and for each of the characters put them in the Hashset, if the value already exists, they can return false as soon as a duplicate occurs.
We can assume they have a Hashset readily available (they do not have to implement one)
This solution is of an O(n) time and O(n) space
Stretch Goal
If they solve this question too quickly, increase the difficulty by saying that the sentance is case sensitive. (i.e. “A” and “a” are not the same. )

Structure
Familiarize yourself with the grading rubric, so you know how to score the interview.

Look for effective problem solving, efficient use of time, and effective communication with the whiteboard space available.

Every solution might look a little different, but the candidate should be able to test their solution with different inputs to verify correctness.

Assign points for each item on the Rubric, according to how well the candidate executed on that skill.

Add up all the points at the end, and record the total at the bottom of the page.

Example
Input	Output
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog	FALSE
I love cats	TRUE
Donald the duck	FALSE
Documentation
Record detailed notes on the rubric, to share with the candidate when the interview is complete.